i-17 they shot TV my name is Matt and
today we're going to be looking at the
Sport Series r7 bluetooth headphones
let's take a look in the box the r7
Sport Series neck band is packaged in an
eco friendly Kabul box inside there is a
hard Evo carry case a charger cable and
an instruction manual
to connect the r7 neckband go to
settings then select Bluetooth and if
required
click scan or search for available
devices now you must hold the power
button for 6 seconds until the red and
blue light flash together this will now
show up on your device a seven-day shot
sport your neck band is now ready to
play your favorite music
thanks for watching this video
please check out seven day shop comm for
thousands more great deals at fantastic
prices
you